[MRG] Add screenshot method for GUI (#524)
jonescompneurolab/hnn-core: doc/gui/index.rst

=====
 GUI
=====

> The bran-new light-weight web-based hnn GUI that works with hnn-core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The brand-new lightweight web-based hnn GUI that works with hnn-core.
```
